# Invoices
To create a Sales Receipt or Invoice as it is also called, tap Sales Tab from side menu. Your first action here should be to tap Select Customer that you are making the sale to and tap that customer. Then tap the round blue plus widget to add the products that you are selling, returning, or replacing. To add the products you are selling, tap them in the list of products that appears. To change the amount of each selected product, tap the center of that selected product and an edit context will pop up in which you can change the amount of units you are selling of that product by editing the number Sell. Then tap Save or if necessary also add a comment. If you made an error on a previous invoice by selling too much of a product, you can correct this by making the product's unit amount negative until correctly balanced. This is called return product function. If you wish to replace a product, tap the product and then tap Make this a replacement. You can then choose to either refund or replace. After making it a replacement, you Can tap it again and click Change replacement to replace with a different similar item.
To add a comment or note to a selected product for a sale, tap the product and an edit context will appear. Click the add comment button on the far right, and type in your line comment.
To add a note to an invoice as a whole, ensure that you are in the Sales Tab and you will see a three dot grey button in the lower left hand corner. Tap it, then tap Add Invoice Note option and type your invoice note.
You can see the tender payment options for a sale only after being in an active daily route. Ensure that you are in the Sales Tab and you will see a three dot grey button in the lower left hand corner. Tap it, then tap Sale Details option and tap Go To Tender. When the tender opens, under invoice total you Will see the payment options. Tap the one that is needed and it will highlight orange.
To change the daily route number for a sale, make sure the sale is open then tap the upper right hand three dot widget. Then tap Change DR#, and tap the daily route you will change it to.
To change sale discount, make sure first that you have selected the customer. You will see a three dot grey button in the lower left hand corner. Tap it, then tap Change Transaction Discount option and tap the discount you would like to change to.
