# Print
Print sales receipt. After having created a new Sale via the Sales tab, with customer and products sold, you will be brought to the Tender Sale screen, where you click Add and then to print, click Complete Sale. To print a past sale, click the View Sales History tab, find the sale you are looking for, click on it, then when it is opened click the three dot widget in the top right and choose Reprint Invoice.

Print account payment. Account payments can be saved only when a daily route is active. Head to the menu, click Account Payments tab, then select the customer making the payment and input the amount of that payment. With these two key pieces of information, proceed to click Go to Tender, and you will print the account payment receipt. You then have the option to print another copy if needed. To print a past account payment, click the View Sales History tab, find the payment you are looking for, click on it, then when it is opened click the three dot widget in the top right and choose Reprint Payment.

To print a Route when that Route is active, head to the Close Daily Route tab and click the three dot widget in the top right, then click Print. The current Route will print with Status set to Active. Note that you cannot print a past route if you are currently in an active route. First close the active route, then head over to Close Daily Route and the corner three dot widget, hit Load another route, choose whether that route you want to print needs closing or is already closed and you will see a list of routes based on that status. Tap the one you want then tap three dot widget and finally tap print. Also after just creating a new daily route and tapping Activate, a confirm dialog will come up and in the lower left hand there will be an option to Print the daily route info so far.
